Updated README and Index for limitations and policies. (#141)
terraform-redhat/terraform-provider-ocm: docs/index.md

For more information, see the [Terraform documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform).

## Limitations of OCM Terraform provider

The following items are limitations with the current release of the OCM Terraform provider:

* The latest version is not backward compatible with version 1.0.1.
* When creating a cluster, the cluster uses AWS credentials configured on your local machine. These credentials provide access to the AWS API for validating your account.

> When creating a Node Pool, you need to specify your replica count. At least one of the following items should be defined to build the machine pool: 

Reviewer: Missing another dot here

   * `replicas= "<count>"` 
   * `min_replicas = "<count>"` 
   * `max_replicas="<count>"` 
   * `autoscaling_enabled=true`

> * The htpasswd identity provider does not support adding users or supporting multiple users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The htpasswd identity provider does not support creating the identity provider with multiple users or adding additional users  to existing identity provider.
```

> * Your S3 bucket that is created as part of the OIDC configuration must be created in the same region that you used when creating your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The S3 bucket that is created as part of the OIDC configuration must be created in the same region that you used when creating your cluster.
```

> * You cannot generate the `operator_role_prefix` when creating your account roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The terraform provider doesn't support auto generated `operator_role_prefix`, you must provide it when creating the account roles.
```
